article=What a weekend we've had! %0A%0AOur adventure started at 6.30 on friday evening, warm weather and the anticipation of catching some "Narly Waves" added to the excitement that was building in the air. Me, James, Andrew and Donald met up outside james house and the journey began.%0A%0AAnd what a damn long journey it was. We aet off at 6.30 and 4 HOURS LATER we finnaly arrived at our destination - Newgale, on the welsh coast (about as far west as you can get). It was bloody dark by this point, but being the brave and stupid people we are, we attempted to put our tents up anyway. My theory was that i didnt have a hammer for my pegs so i needed beer in a bottle to whack them in. Stella came in helpful here, but james decided that he was too lazy, stupid and god damn ugly to put up his tent so he just drank, watched and laughed at our efforts, deciding that he would sleep in the car. Donald was the next casualty, he did attempt to put his tent up but he couldnt get his rod in the hole................ he had trouble with his tent as well! OI OI! AAAA-WUUU-GAAA! But being the best my tent went up very quickly and the drinking for me began. Andrew finnaly managed to put his up so we cooked some weird sausages on a little BBQ, first using plastic cutlery to turn the food over, then using a bottle opener, until we got to our last nbuger when andrew remembered that he had a knife and fork. We retreated to our tents/car and went to sleep ready for a large day of surf!%0A%0AI had a poor night sleep as i didnt bring a lilo or anything to sleep on, so even though i had been working all week and was knackered AND went to bed at 1 the night before, i got up at 7 in the morning. I walked the short distance to the beach and to my surprise there was no one there. But i did find a pair of REAL oakley sunglasses on the sand and i got a little bit to excited and ran to james car to tell him. He wasnt to happy at being woken up that early in the morning but he let me in and we sat in the car trying them on. Then for about half an hour we sat there, listening to the strokes, wondering if andrew and donald were kissing in the tent, and drawing faces on eggs! What a morning! At about 9, everyone was up so we thought we would make a move. %0AWe drove miles to a surf shop as the beach next to us had no waves, but the man in there said that there would be no surf anywhere this weekend! Downheartened but determined, we though we would go to another surf shop for a second opinion (and chepaer hire of wetsuits and boards). They had no surfboards in there, so we sat down in a little village called Dale and considered out options with a cuppa. Donald was sure that he knew a beach with some waves so we headed out miles and miles away to another beach. We hired out wetsuits and "body boards" and made our way down to Freshwater. The waves there were still crap but we had out wetsuits on, so we looked bloody ace! The girls loved us! (The only women we saw all holiday were either below 14 or above 65). We spent hours at that beach trying to catch the waves and although it was a good laugh, it wasnt the "radical" experience i was hoping for.%0AWe went for a meal of scampi in the evening (but we were all tempted by the "pint of prawns". We still dont know if they poured them out of a beer tap!) then went back to the campsite for some proper drinking on the beach. This strated with watching the sunset, with beers in a bucket of seawater to keep them cold, and it was all very relaxing. But when the sun went down we were a bit drunk and a bit limited of ideas for thing to do. Games were created such as who could throw the rock the furthest, who could throw the rock the furthest with their left hand, who could throw the rock the closest to the rock that looks like a marrow, who can find the smallest rock, who can find a rock that looks most like an egg and who can find a rock that looks most like whale. It was rocking! Then there was the old game of throw the rock at the beer can! %0A%0AWe decided we needed more food so we had another BBQ on the beach. It was pretty dark by then and we were all pretty much drunk. James was eating some pickled onion crisps and went to get another beer. He would shut up about how easy the lid of his beer came off and though he had gained some super powers and procedded to try and pull the lids of the beers with his hands - he couldnt. And for a good reason. Half way through his bottle he said "This is the worst beer ive ever drank". I wanted to see just how bad, so he passed me his half-drunk botttle and i had a big swig. It was filled with sea water! It was fucking disgusting! What had happened was someone had put their empty bottle into our "cool bucket" and the bottle had filled up. Somehow a lid was placed on top of it, and james, in his stupid drunk state, and armed with mouthfulls of pickled onions crisps has drunk half of it without even realising! Fucking cock! %0AWe managed to finish all of our beers before 10.30 so we went to the onsite pub for last orders. A mix up at the bar meant me and james bought drinks for eachother at the same time. I was feeling quite sick so i finished one and went for a shower for some reason. James simply stole his and took it back to the tent.%0ABut as i got back to the tents, dirty looks surrounding me from my fellow campers as while trying my sexy new shades on earlier on in the day , i had left james car light on and the battery had gone and died. But beer and tiredness solved this problem as we went to sleep instead. %0AThs is morning we woke up at 8.30 so an improvement on the moring before, but as the journey home was so long, we decided we may as well go home. So we went and bought a nice big fry-up and headed back along the M4.%0A%0ASo overall it wasnt the craziest weekend ever, and we didnt get to pull off any "awesome stunts" but every time we did catch a little wave, whoops and cheers and shouts of "wipeout!" were yelled as we tried hard to make the most of the non existant waves. %0AIt was a fully enjoyable weekend and i'd give it a wipeout-tastic 8/10. Mad!
numberofcomments=2
description=The biggest lads holiday of the year! Maybe
username=bobby
title=Our Surfing Holiday 15th - 17th August
date=1061143747
comments=;alex b:Sounds good.%0AMy sister went surfing last week, and she both got great waves turned out to be a bloody natural. Some people have all the luck.%0ASurely 'nargly' HAS to be spelt 'narley'?%0A;jimbo:I think its gnarley!
