article=Everyone was very excited about the first VodBull of the academic year.  It has been several months since the last one, and withdrawal symptoms of actually being able to remember some parts of our nights out had been kicking in.%0A%0AArriving at 8.20, the taxi dropped us just round the corner from where we usually get out.  We saw another entrance to Zanzibar (the club where VodBull is hosted) no-one had noticed before, and went to investigate.%0A%0AAll 5 of us were wearing VodBull t-shirts that Jim stole last year.  There was one girl on the door with a name badge, she was called Alice.  She said "You must be staff" and let us in.  We walked downstairs and found ourselves in a private party in a backroom full of Nurses!  %0AWe were asked if we wanted to stay and play drinking games with the nurses, but then someone realised we weren't actually staff, and promtly told us to "Fuck off".  We walked through a door, and found ourselves in the main VodBul room, at 8.25.%0A%0AThis was a little strange, seeing as the doors don't open until 8.30.  No-one really seemed to mind though, as we cruised up to the bar.  Tragically, as it was the first ever Bull for all the Freshers, bar staff were only allowed to sell 4 doubles at a time instead of the usual 5.%0AThis didn't really hinder the drinking, just meant you would have to buy 4 rounds to get to 30 shots rather than the normal 3.%0A%0AApparently Rich was thrown out for standing in a doorway, refusing to let people through.  When the bouncer asked him what he was doing, he could only splutter random noises, and he then fell over...  He was later sighted trying to open the back door of a police car in order to get a lift home.  Someone pointed him in the more conventional direction of a black cab, which he told to go to the wrong place - ensuring an extra 15 minute walk!%0A%0AAnother friend Ian thought he would walk home - it is a good 1 1/2 hour walk back, and he got totally lost.  Phoned someone later saying "I'm at a roundabout with a Texaco garage - where is it?  I don't care, I've got my trainers".  Another mate Simon ran onto a biulding site to do some investigation of bricks and cranes, somehow managed not to kil himself.%0A%0AAll I can remember from the night is wandering ito the 2nd room on my own towards the end.  The DJ played Insomnia by Faithless, so I dropped to my knees and started bowing down before him...  I must have looked Too Cool for School! %0A%0AAnother hilarious night with barely the first idea what went on.  I think it was busy, and I've been told I was walking round with a beaming smile all night, screaming at people and stamping on the floor!  %0A%0AVodBull is mad.%0A%0ASam
numberofcomments=2
description=First Bull of the New Year!
username=sam
title=VodBull UK, Thursday 2nd October
date=1065441500
comments=;jimbo:Sounds as dangerous as usual!;joeyjojo:I think a Drunkit trip to the next one should be arranged!
