article=Its been MAD. Me and james have been bigging up the Swindon Massive large brothers!%0AI arrived at my house on Saturday and was pleasently surprised at its immense size- i walked in and even more pleasently surprised when i see that i shall be living, for a whole year with 2 girls!! (also 2 boys, but thats not important) I look around my house and i notice that i have a garden, a shed, and my next door neighbour has a huge swimming pool! It was getting better by the minute!%0ABut i know the question that is on everyones lips%3A 'Is there a club in Bournemouth that can compare to mission?' Well me and james and all of my new flatmates went to a club called 'The Old Fire Station' and coincidentally it is an old firestation that has been turned into a club. It is the mission of bournemouth. We had bought our drinking passports that will get us in for free for freshers week, so we will probably be going there every night this week. Anyway, as we walked in, there was a lattino/jazz/funky drum feel, and it was the type of music that maks you start strutting around pretending you are cool. We ordered our first pints of the night (thats right, pints in club! thats crazy-they dont sell pints in mission) and we were ecstatic when we found that the pints of fosters we had bought were only £1.40 each! This was the top dance floor, so we ventured our way down the stairs to another huge floor- this also included a cocktail annexe, and another huge dance floor. So after i had bought a brain hemorage, a hard shag on the beach, a white russian and a green eyes it was time for a dance. On this dance floor they played the same type of music as you would get on a thursday night at mission, just with maybe a bit more cheese. It was a good nite though and i ended up going to 'Kebab King' which had a similar still layout as marmaris but ive gotta say it was a poor quality doner, and the chillies were a bit TOO chewey and a bit TOO spicy for my liking%0ASo we all decide to go to this club again on sunday night- we've heard its big daves light disco, and that was something none of us would like to have missed. So after yet more hard shags, we got onto the dance floor and it was every thursday nighters dream- a whole night of the cheese hour at mission. It had everything you could ever have wished for- not only did it have the usuals like 'i want you back', 'reach', 'dont stop me now' and others, it also included a whole lot more 70's and 80's as well as some modern pop. I particually liked the take that and five medleys, ghost busters and the theme tune to 'Dogtannion' (remember that kids?) This night also included a strip show were four men and four women stripped down to their underwear to 'you can leave your hat on' . At one point, one of the girls who was stripping realised that she wasnt actually wearing a bra so we got to see some full frontal action! but that followed with a man taking of his y fronts to show the crowd his pride and glory, and i must say that it was almost as big as mikes.%0AMonday night, and guess what, we went there again- it was very similar to saturday night this time but still got some banging tunes on.%0ABut tonight and 2moro night are 'garage nation' and 'bring the noise' so we may be giving them a miss- but dont worry coz me and james have signed up for 2 pub crawls on these nights, so are gonna drink these sothern bastards under the table!%0ASo thats been bournemouth so far- apart from the facts that neither of us have pulled yet, james hasnt made any proper friends, its raining so we cant go to the beach and we joined a pool club the other day.%0ACya kids soon%0ADRUNKIT FOREVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!%0A 
numberofcomments=1
description=Its Back!
username=bobby
title= Week 1 in the Big Bournemouth House 
date=1065699147
comments=;bobby:Ha Ha Mike was getting the piss taken out of him even back then! I sound liek an excited little fresher! Its a good job ive matured so much!
