UserName=Dela Basboms
Title=New Years day
Description=What Bhavin got up to on New Years Day!
Article=Well after getting merry on the 31st and seeing in the new year in a pub in Cardiff, the 1st was a sobering experience.  Matt and I walked around Cardiff following Mr Debbage to a House party; half way there Leigh's brother, Ian, text saying we will meet you back the house where Leigh lives.  At this point this point I would like to point out it was 1.20 am and it was pissing it down.  Matt and I thought it would be pragmatic to walk back to his...let me remind you it was pissing it down.  Anyways after the brief two mile walk to Matts room we were both drainched.  %0A%0AWe both just got settled down to go to sleep (3 am) when one of Matts Knob like flat mates set of the firm arlam by setting fire to card board.  We had to leave the flat, yes it was still pissing down with rain.  4 am, after that was dealt with the flat mates persuder with playing football down the corridor.  6am, they finally leave, at this point my back was numb along with my bum.  atfer few hours of slipping in and out of sleep my arlam on phone goes of at Eleven.  Uggggggggg.%0A%0AWell after that night surely things couldn't get and worse...i mean surely, could anything else go wrong?  %0A%0AAfter a quick sure and a few sweges of bailylies and the having some Iries coffee and playing on the SNES, Dawn (Greenberg) came to pick Matt and me up.  The plan for The day was Matt goes to Leigh's, Dawn and I have luanch/breackfast, we all meet up, watch the Cardiff take on Swindon and then go home.  Well the first part went of well, Matt was dropped of at Leigh's and after a while Dawn found herself a parking place and we had a really filling meal, thank you J D Weatherspoons.%0A%0AApperently the way to Ninian Park is very simple so say teh bar staff, who made the journey seem like a five minute drive from the Pub, was it, was it bollocks.%0A%0ABefore going to the match We had to make a stop at Dawns House to pick up a jumper for me as I only had on was my t-shirt and a pin sripe jacket and pair was semi-damp combates.  Dawn showed me the curry stains from last night as she told me what happened, 2.30pm. 2.45pm We felt her flat to make our way to the match.  Instead I got a scenic tour of cardiff, seeing the Millienium Stadium from all angles.  3.20 pm we gave up on the idea of watching the match and went back to Dawn to collect her stuff and leave for Swindon.%0A%0A3.30 pm House keys, her phone and perce all in the house!  Problem, oh yeah and it was still pissing it down with rain.  We got back into her car and went to the nearest phone booth.  The next hour was spent phoning her parents and asking them to locate and find via the internet, mobiles and carrier piegoens poeple to come and open the door.  8pm was the quoted time in the end for the landlord to come and open the door. %0A%0AAs you can imagine, both of us were looking at the funny side of this, it was the only was, happy new year!?  fortunatly a streard of good luck did come out way as one of Dawn's flat mates got a message and turned around to let us in.  4.47pm As we set of Robert Earnshaw bags the equalizer for the Blues, wanker!%0A%0ANone of this would have happened if I had brought an extra jumper with me, but yeh I'm sure all off you must have had a great new year, right?%0A%0ADela Basboms
NumberOfComments=1
Date=1041594664
Comments=;Matt:Poor Bhavin. I would just like to say that the stadium is only a ten minute walk or so from the Millenium stadium... Oh well!
