article=Well , today, the 29th of October, means me and james have spent our first full month in the beautiful surroundings of Bournemouth. But here are the crazy antics that have happened over the last week………. %0A%0AMonday night was quite a relaxing and chilled night for me, as I was still feeling a bit dodgy after shits the day before- so instead of going out and getting hammered yet again, I made myself a big, fuckoff dinner and watched ‘GoldenEye’ – so all in all, quite a boring day. %0A%0ATuesday was much the same, went to college, come home made dinner and watched various TV programs- although I must say right now that it was one of the best neighbours weeks I have seen for a while- who would have thought that a scorpion could injure Tad that badly? And even more surprising, how did Tad get so wrecked on such a small amount of alcohol? Anyway, Tuesday night was a very boring night all in all. %0A%0AWednesday was a bit more lively- I finished at 12 and decided to go home and have a sleep as our football match had been postponed till this week unfortunately- The big match is%3A%0AFORTH TEAM REJECTS Vs SUPER NOODLES, 31st OCTOBER, 3.30pm- A full match report will be available after the match.%0ABut in the evening we decided to go and try out another local pub, The Hollies. Me, and two of my house mates went along and played some pool – 80p so a bit better than The Ensbury Park mentioned in an earlier Bournemouth report. Also there was some attractive bar women, decent pop music, a big screen showing the Arsenal game AND corrination street afterwards, but best of all they were selling some VERY cheeky pints of carling for only £1.50! This was one of the better pubs of Bournemouth. %0A%0AThen of course, Thursday and the Freshers ball. I decided to skip the one hour I was meant to be at a lecture at uni today, in order to prepear. Armed with two bottles of vodka, 2 cartons of orange juice, and 4 shot glasses, at exactly 8.05 the drinking games commenced at home- Participants were me, a male and female housemate of mine and a friend of the female housemate. Mr Y did not want to be involved as he doesn’t like vodka, while two other girls were upstairs prepearing. While I cant actually remember what the games we played were, I do remember that they got me drunk enough to go into the toilet just before I left and adjust my bow tie- then drop it into the 4 inches of water at the bottom of my urinal, and spend the rest of the night with a damp bow tie on- luckly my unfortunately illness from last Sunday had cleared up by now and the toilet had been flushed.%0AThe venue was the Bournemouth international centre, and as we went in I bought a ‘Shag tag’- basically a green sticker which proves how single and desparate you really are. Drinks started rolling in with some not so cheeky pints priced at £2.50 each, but we were all too gazz’ed to care. We did all the things that you usually do at a ball- have your photo taken- (it was very nice by the way), and speak to random girls- but we also did some other things that wer’nt so usually e.g we were in the ‘pop’ room, and we had a go on the ‘Bucking Bronco’- I managed to stayed on for 0.6552 seconds while james averaged an impressive 1.2344 seconds! And of Course ‘So Solid Crew’. I went to the front, and watched two black guys saying random words which I couldn’t understand, apart from the occasional “21 seconds, TUT TUT TUT”- I left promptly and started dancing to YMCA in the pop room- much more of a mission feeling. Overall it was a good night- but not great, especially not as good as the leavers ball at college, although the one thing they both did have in common is that everyone got absolutely completely smashed. %0A%0AOf course no one expected anyone to be at uni on Friday so I slept and watched tele all day. That is all. %0A%0AAnd the weekend wasn’t much fun either. I decided to do some reading on Saturday and again listening to the mighty Swindon draw 1-1 with Wycombe, although the FA cup tie with Hartlepool is gonna be a money spinning huge tie! Saturday night we held a poker night, and we drunk, smoke, I lost lots of cash while james made a killing. James stayed over for the first time in his bornemouth career, and we all made eggs and toast. %0A%0AAnd to finish off a pretty lame week, Sunday was another day of reading for me until a quality TV night distracted me. Starting with The sketch show, then a great new series of ‘you’ve been framed’, and a new series of ‘Heartbeat’. Then we watched something called ‘My uncle Sillas’ and the rest of the night was spent with my first viewing of ‘Lock, Stock and two smoking barrels’.%0A%0ASo, im sorry this is so long and boring but I have got nothing to do until 2 ‘o’ clock and im so dedicated to drunkit that I spend the whole break typing on the computer and looking at porn. But tonight me and james are going to a rocky horror show Halloween night at the firestation which should be a laugh, so till next week, goodbye. %0A%0A
numberofcomments=1
description=
title=Week 5 in the Big Bournemouth House
username=bobby
comments=;jimbo:I dont remember going to a rocky horror show!%0A%0A%0Agreat report bob. Cant wait for the footy results %3A)
date=1066211192
