article=Another week, more money spent and more pints drunk, so heres the story%3A %0A%0AMonday night was 'Banging' (I may try to make this a fireworks related report-just to be topical) - not only did i get extremely drunk, but it was the first time that i have been to a club in Bournmouth where its has been "Missionesqe" as i drunk shit loads, had lots of vodka and mixers before i went out, and actually walk around on my own and speak to people who i actually knew as it seemed that a lot of my new friends were out. It was also The Rocky horror show halloween night so there was a lot of freaks and women with devil horns - they were horny (a poor joke, im sorry). I went home very pissed and broke a chair before i collapsed into bed. %0A%0ATuesdat was turning into a poor day as the effects from the night before seemed to get worse throughout the day- that was until i got a text from james saying that we were coming back home to swindon at the weekend- it was by far the happiest moment of my week and i punched thin air and started jumping around for joy in the computer room. I was promptly chucked out. Tuesday night was basically a night of hardcore text as i told everyone this wonderous news. %0A%0AWednesday was Halloween and unfortunately for me, i had forgotten to bring my little devils outfit down from swindon so trick or treating was out of the question- also we didnt have any treats for the poor kids so, in the words of one of my housemates, "Just dont answer the door to the little brats" and we didnt. Instead i had the first bath out of anyone in the Big Bournemouth house, as i needed to relax after the magnificent victory from earlier on (See Drunkit Fc Vs Super Noodles) and i cleaned my own little devils prong! %0A%0AThursday was another really boring day where i didnt really do much except for pack and also help create the most replyed too message on the message board. I didnt go out that night as i thought i should save my self for the weekend ahead, so i did a little bit of homework instead. %0A%0AThen on Friday afternoon i made the long journey back to swindon. A very homely smell greated me as i walked in (my brother had just farted) and i sat down to a lovely meal which i didnt have to make or wash up. Then in true drunkit style, to the steam railway we went and enjoyed the company of a fair amount of the old boys. We even went a little bit crazy and Tom Spooner hired out the darts- but as soon as i realised i was crap at it, i gave up and got back to some hardcore drinking. It was a typical swindon friday night out. %0A%0ASaturday and after a free haircut, i went to town with Johnny and Sachin and played a little bit of pool in sunnys before i got ready for the big night ahead. After watching Pop Idol (COME ON RIK!) and sinking a small bottle of vodka, the steam railway was the chosen destination to meet and nearly everyone who used to be thursday night regulars were sitting round the table, sipping at their cheeky pints. After a chat and a discussion about "Bargain Hunt" with David Dickinson (My Uncle- 'Cheap as chips!') we headed to mission. And what a night was ahead of us. I was drunk already but i did seem to spend a lot of money- something that i dont miss about mission is the prices on saturday nights. But i didnt really mind when i saw the likes of matthew D, matthew G, Sam and nathen strutting their stuff along with all of the usuals.I dont really remember many of the conversations or what actually happened, but i do remember it was a decent night, which would have been made 20 times better if it was a thursday (roll on December 20th!) and it was topped off with a nice chicken and lamb mixed donner from my good friends at marmaris. %0A%0AOn sunday i decided to chill out a bit, and i took my little bro to the park and after i had managed to squeeze my fat ass out of a kids swing, i went home and had a huge roast dinner- something i hadn't had for two weeks, before i went straight back up the steam railway for a few more 'Cheekys'. Then we went into mission yet again, as a final farewell until xmas, and the night got progressively better as it went on. Although the turnout was quite poor, Tom Spooner and Dave cheater made things go with a "bang" (this firework thing is not really working!) and i was quite amused to see Daves choice of drink - a whisky water mix, something that i had never tasted before last night- it was about as nice as some of mikes piss in a glass. %0A%0AThen this morning, i was quite depressed as i had to drive home, knowing that i wont be back in my second home mission, until xmas. James made it worse by playing radiohead on the way there, (just like in Father Ted) and then disaster struck when i arrived. My housemates looked impressed when they saw that i had brought back a microwave for them to enjoy, but they also laughed when i realised that i had left my room key back in Swindon. After an hour of picking the lock, using several implements including a Keyring, a knife, a bottle opener, a potato pealer- then actually trying to unscrew the handle from the door- then trying to squeeze through a small window- i decided to go and get a spare from the uni instead. %0A%0ANow i have to make a long walk home as my bike lock is in my room, but i should have a decent night tonight- ill either be at the firestation, at the pier watching the big firework display, or buying my own fireworks.%0AAnd remember the saying people- always mix alchohol and fireworks, otherwise it'll be boring.%0A
numberofcomments=0
description=
title=Week 6 In The Big Bournemouth House
username=bobby
date=1066299605
