article="Cheap as Chips"........... %0A%0AThe rest of last Tuesday was just sitting down and chilling, watching TV and just generally being bored, yet again. %0A%0AWednesday surprising followed, and apart from a shopping trip to sainsburys, and also applying to work there, again i had nothing to do- i was wondering if this week could possibly get worse. %0A%0AThat was until thursday arrived- and so did our good friends Mr Tom Spooner, Mr Timothy Hughes and Mr Elliott Williams. James took the afternoon off uni to accomodate them in his lodgings and to entertain them. And i got to james house at 7.30 ready for a large night ahead- the boys were already ready pumping after they had been drinking plenty of bottles of spitfire and other real ales- i was a little behind so i quickly downed 2 cans of fosters and then we started on an "old thursday night vodka sesh" (remember them- i think the only people who will be reading this and will have experienced one of these are matthew day, james and mike)- and thats when the night got good until james knocked a mirror onto his glass and spilt all of his vodka onto my photos and his carpet. Any, after we wer vodkad up, we went to the first destination of our evening "The firestation". We were expecting a hardcore cheap drinking night, but instead we walked in and we were honestly the only 5 people in there. There were more barstaff than us! Anyway, in true drunkit style, we ordered some pints and went and danced on the dance floor anyway, with the bouncers, bar staff and DJs watching us make tits out ourselves- i think at one point, a few of us even tried a bit of break dancing!%0AWe decided to leave and go to "The oprah House" were it was truely packed and kicking. We necked a few more pints and everybody had a wild time in the pop room, dancing again mainly to "build me up butter cup" and other mission classics. The night passed quite quickly and we ended up at the late night mcdonalds, where there was actually a bouncer on the door, operating a 'one in-one out' system. This was bad luck for Elliott, who unfortunately got IDed, and turned away.%0AI got a taxi home with one of my house mates, while elliott, tom and tim all went onto james house where i heard they had a great nite- im sure james will tell you more about that. %0A%0AFriday morning and obviously im feeling rough- just as im leaving for uni, the boys all beep there horn outside my house and demand a tour of Bob Villa. So i quickly show them around- and got rid of them as soon as possible, and i was embarrasingly late for my lecture- TWATS. Anyway in the night i completed a feat that i have have tried many times before and failed. Thats right, i watched all of children in need-from 7 till 2 , including the news break at 10 and all the really boring bits about where my money is going to. I was very impressed with my self! %0A%0ASaturday was a day when i didnt leave the house until the evening, when i was unexpectedly invited to my first house party - i turned up with a couple of my house mates and we entred the biggest student house ive ever been in. It was even devided into different room just like in a club%3A there was the dance/R 'n' B room, which contained a real DJ with real decks and a strobe light, the cheese room with S Club 7 on all night, and the chillout room which contained a bunch of underage slappers. Unfortunately the chillout room was full, so i spent the whole night in the cheese room playing twister. The party run out of alchohol quite quickly so we left at about 12.30 - but it was a half decent night. %0A%0ASunday was shit- i had to go into uni to finish off an assignment, and then do other homework for the rest of the day. But i did get a good dose of chapionship manager 01/02, now that one of my housemates has bought it. %0A%0AAnd yesterday was another pretty crap day- although Drunkit FC did have a little light training, where we took on a team thatr was a friend of gregs. But after 5 minutes we were 10-1 up so we decided to swap the teams around a bit. %0A%0ATonight i shall be attending my first bournemouth match of the season where the mighty cherries will be taking on port vale.%0AAND FOR ALL DRUNKIT FC FANS%3A We have our second match of the season tommorow, against NORFOLK AND CHANCE at 12.30. There is a bit of injury news though- skipper james fowler, has scratched his legs open a bit, as in the light warmup session yesterday, the ball went over the fence and instead of going round to get it, he decided it would be quicker to climb through a small hole in the fence and played the rest of the match with blood draped legs. But he should be ok for tommorow.%0AThere should be a full match report up by thursday night, and also as an extra treat the first league table should be added to the report by friday night. %0A%0AAnyway im off for a poo now- bye. %0A%0A
numberofcomments=1
description=
title=Week 8 In The Bournemouth House
username=bobby
comments=;jimbo:I've still got the scars from that day %3B-)%0A%0AThat was a cracking day I think. Tom Spooner was walking round my halls naked but wearing a cardboard box round his willy. 
date=1066735810
