article=This is almost the last report of the term...so sad! %0A%0AAnyway, i did fgo to the pub in the end last monday for a little bit of business i had to sort out- but i only necked a dissapointing 2 "cheeky pints" within and hour and a half. I know im now a hard core uni drinker but i just didn't feel like it - strange, i know. %0A%0ATuesday was quite nice i didnt have to get up until 12 and i just did fuck all all day. I had a nice dinner and i also went and watched harry potter in the evening again as it is such a top notch quality film, and i also had some free cinema tickets. %0A%0AWednesday was quality, as im sure you all know by now, and i just savoured in glory for the whole night as an impressive win earlier on in the day had set up my night nicely. I also completed a lot of a HUGE programming assignment so i was quite pleased with myself. %0A%0AI cant really remember what happened on thursday - i dont think i really did anything all day apart from a brief spell in college and another night in and i went shopping in the evening. %0A%0AAt last, friday arrived and as i had not had a proper pint for ages, i was relishing the thought of a heavy seshion. There was going to be quite a showing tonight as my housemate had his welsh brother his welsh brothers mate staying for the weekend, and after i spent an hour making all the necessary welsh jokes that need to be made as soon as you see anyone from wales, they turned out to be diamond geezers. Obviously, we had some pre-match drinks and tonight the menu was 5 cans of fosters, a nice big bottle of vodka between 3 of us, and we decided to opt for the "Chillie powder" shot as it was so sucessful at last weeks party.%0AAnd as you can probably guess from all my previous reports, the firestations "poptastic" was the venue, and like so many other times this term, i cannot remember anything. James was there and i dont really remember speaking to him, but overall it was another quality night. I just wish i could remember all the amusing shite that happens! %0A%0ASaturday was good as well, as although i didnt get up in time to watch the draw, when i did get up and we checked the teletext, there were echos throughout the house, of young uni males shouting "SHIT", "FUCK", "BOLLOCKS" and "BUGER" when we saw "The group of death". Anyway, we watched the very last SMTV with ant and dec, and one of my MALE house mates actually had water in his eyes at the end! An amusing start to the day!%0AI got picked up at 1 for my second trip of the season, to Bournemouths very own thetre of dreams, Dean Park, to watch the so-called 'mighty reds' take on Tranmere. A quick visit to the pub was in order before kick off, and we actually caught some of man u's great loss against chelsea. But the bournemouth match was nothing special - a 2-0 loss but both of tranmeres goals were great! And i also had the best football pie of all time - it was crusterrific!%0AAfter the match, James came back to my house to watch the most eagerly anticiapted program of the whole term, pop idol. Riks performace was "FATTASTIC" and on the night, he deserved to get through. I made james a nice dinner of Chicken, potatoes and salad, which he was very impressed with, and then we made our way in to town, as katherine and hen were visiting from swindon. We all went to "the moon in the square" which is the bournemouth equivilent of the savoy, and we both necked 2 cheeky pints of 'summer lightening' before we made our way to the firestation yet again (For james this was the forth time this week!) although this time i wasnt so drunk but still, i can remember was us staying in the indie room for the whole night, even though there were 70's, 80's and 90's classics playing in the room next to us. But still, music from bands like muse, ash, strokes, rem, stereophonics, nivarna, greenday etc wasn't too bad so it was a pretty good night. %0A%0ASunday i spent the whole day on my programming project, and just when i had finished it at about 6 pm i deleted the whole thing accidently! I was almost in tears, but i still managed to recreate 4 weeks worth of work within about 8 hours so it wasnt too bad. %0A%0AAnd today has just been average so far. Tonight Drunkit FC have got another practice game lined up in preporation for the last match of the year on wednesday, a game everyone is looking forwards to, as i think if we win, it'll feel like all of you fans have had an extra little xmas treat in your stockings! Tommorow night is our infamous pub crawl and just earlier today i paid twelve quid for a 'Booze Cruise' on wednesday were basically i go on a boat, have food, get drunk and there is also a disco on the boat so ill shake my little booty. But i will most probley be hungover from the night before so i cant imagine it being that fun! %0A%0AAnyway, cya next week, when the last report of the year will be posted. %0A%0A
numberofcomments=1
description=
username=bobby
title=Week 10 in the Big Bournemouth House
date=1067356236
comments=;bobby:Thats my last big bournemouth report that i haved saved! %0ABut look forwards to some Drunkit FC ones!
