article=First week back in Brum after a month off for Easter, so inevitably another VodBull.%0ABeing our last before exams, we had to make the most of the night.  We arrived criminally late (at about 8.45) and down went the free ChamBull on entry.%0ARed Bull and Champagne is a beautiful drink, tastes a bit like sweet, dirty cider!%0A%0AThen to the bar, where the first 5 doubles were purchased.  I was suprised at how I managed to be less repulsed than usual by the foul taste of Red Bull, and the pint went down fairly quickly.  I then had another pint whilst talking to Matt G and various random people.%0A%0AYou may remember that last VodBull I was kicked out for trying to steal a "VodBull On Sale Here" banner from behind the bar.  Always one to learn from my mistakes, Jim and I decided to try and steal a more accessible banner from a different bar.  We waited until the barstaff were facing the other way then ripped it from the ceiling, quickly folded it up and hid it under a seat for safe keeping.  %0AHow the bouncers didn't see us and kick us out I have no idea, but we should be thankful!%0A%0AAs the night progressed, people started to get a bit more obliterated.  We tried to see how many people could fit in a toilet cubicle, we tried to see who could give themselves the biggest wedgie, I felt the breasts of just about every male friend I have...  Apparently I slapped Chris around the face as he tried to rip my boxer shorts, so hard that his ear started ringing!%0A%0AWe then did some general drinking and dancing, very actively, running around the club, stamping on the floor for some reason.%0AAt the end of the night Jim went back to find the banner only to find it had been removed.  He asked a glass collecter if a coat had been seen under the chair, and the bloke said he had just handed it in to the cloakroom.  Jim then asked the cloakroom lady if a "big, plastic coat" had been handed in - she dutifully picked up the banner (which could NEVER have looked like a coat), folded it up and gave it to Jim!  He then smuggled it past the bouncers under his t-shirt, and we ran around like madmen outside for a while.%0A%0AIn the taxi home, we were all leaning out of the windows trying to have conversations with random people on the streets.  When we got back to halls we ran around the cleaner so he got wrapped up in the banner!  Despite a suspended fine hanging over us from last term for making too much noise, we made lots of noise...  I was wrapped in toilet paper, a few of us had bins on our heads, we wrestled on the hard floor, Roberto was putting random stuff in people's sinks (my sink was filled with duvet, pillow, and he tried to balance my mattress on top, Charlie had his shoes in the sink, Jim got his traffic cone).  We continued to run around, screaming like lunatics, and inevitably the duty tutor heard us and was not best pleased - we're expecting some fines to be coming our way...%0A%0AAn all round classic night - everyone was trolleyed although no-one did anything stupid like end up in a ditch or be sick - we all lasted until the end.  We managed to get the greatest beer trophy ever (the banner must be 10 feet long!) and I felt lots of mens breasts.%0A%0AExams are coming up soon, so things will be quiet for a while, but VodBull is scheduled to return in the week after exams finish.  We can't wait!%0A%0ADustbin
numberofcomments=5
description=The best VodBull yet?
username=sam
title=VodBull UK, Thursday 1st May
date=1051887633
comments=;alex b:Nice stealage work.;jez:I'm glad i don't go drinking with sam any more.%0AI'd feel under pressure to be as mad.;matt:I agree Jez, however, on the bright side, I don't like redbull that much anyway.%0A%0A--Matt;alex b:I second Matt, it's horrible stuff.;jimbo:Red bull rocks. It makes me go insane. %0A%0ACan't help noticing how these Vodbull things are becoming a bit gay!
