article=Our night started off in a very polite, sociable fashion with a ‘garden party’.  A plastic sheet on my lawn kept our trousers dry, and Matt D&G and I sat drinking Super in the pleasant surroundings of my vegetable patch.  Nathan arrived with Fosters, Bhavin arrived with a failed attempt at a bleached beard.%0AOver dinner I had sampled the delicious flavour of Banana Bread beer, which is surprisingly tasty – so despite its name, the Super was hard to get down without the help of a blackcurrant cordial to soften the taste.%0A%0AI have to offer my apologies for being on the phone for so long at this stage of the evening – girlfriend was having a ‘tiz’ and wanted to talk…  All issues were satisfactorily resolved.%0ABy the time we left, the effects of Super were becoming noticeable.  I had a carrier bag full of empty cans which I wanted to recycle.  Matt Day made a bet with me that if the recycle bins weren’t there, I would have to down 5 shots of Captain Morgan – I didn’t stand to win anything, but it seemed like a great deal anyway!%0AIn the end, the bag was left in the Steam Beer garden with our empty glasses and the bet was forgotten.  Bhavin departed, leaving just the three of us to move onto Mission.%0A%0AAs soon as we arrived at the downstairs bar, MissionMan greeted us.  He was not the model of sobriety we know him to be.  Instead we saw a new side to the Legend – a cheering, stumbling, groping, side!  He then proceeded to fall over backwards in the comical way that only drunkards can manage – clutching at air trying to prevent the crash landing!  A bouncer quickly arrived on the scene to escort him from the premises.  I argued with the doormen that as he IS MissionMan they should give him 10 mins to sober up before letting him back in.  However we didn’t see him for the rest of the night so I presume he was beyond the point of sobering up!%0A%0AI think we probably then drank some beer and stuff.  The only person I remember meeting was Phil Ball, who I haven’t seen for ages, but it was a fleeting encounter.  Don’t think anyone else was there – not that this stopped us having a great night!%0A%0AMatt Day took on a particularly evil streak and kept buying Captain Morgan’s as his round.  Two doubles in a few minutes and it was VERY close to coming back up again – repulsive stuff.  I’m sure Greenaroo was drinking something ridiculous like Baileys and Coke.  We had a little sing and dance, then the lights came up and I staged my usual one man protest at the lack of any Riverdance action.  The bouncer led me from the dancefloor as I explained my stance, don’t think he had much sympathy…  %0A%0AI walked home through the closed road, on principle because that’s my way home – I don’t want to be diverted around the bank just to avert the danger of huge boulders falling on my head.  Greenie had to squeeze very hard to fit through the small gap in the fence!  I then got my ‘texting gloves’ on and presume we had some great conversations because I woke up this morning with the following messages clogging up my inbox from my mate Jim%3A%0A“I love you more than my willy… I’d give you my bottom anytime”%0A%0A“Got caught by the police. Completely naked. Was moving cones around & thought nudity would somehow exempt me from legality.  Didn’t work. They let me go, thank Gayness. x”%0A%0AKnowing Jim, I have no doubts about the authenticity of his claims!%0A%0AAll in all, although attendance was very poor, ANOTHER great night at Mission!  Next week is Greenaroo’s BBQ, so hopefully a few more people will be out.%0A%0ASam%0A%0A%0A
numberofcomments=4
description=Gggr-r-r-eeaaattt stuff!
username=sam
title=Thursday 24th July
date=1059130210
comments=;matt:I'd forgotten about the Steam... and the bet. What a hilarious one it was too.%0A%0AAndy was trashed... that was great.%0A%0AThe night was good, but I have servere memory loss about much of it. I was trolleyed.%0A%0AA good article though!;nathan:Baileys and coke.....oh dear, i think greenaway deserves a slap......;bobby:what fun it was reading that! It makes me wish i was sam;missionman:i wouldnt say i was drunk sam, ii was totally wankered. But some nice policeman gave me a lift in his little police riot van to the Great Western Hospital and they gave me B n B for the night for nothing, A bargain !!! I dont remember any of this , this purely from what people have told me and facts !! i.e woke up 8.00am in hospital bed, bouncers at mission tellin me i was taken away in police van. Whos up for another session next week then ?
