article=Saturday night started pretty early – my friend Martin and his brother picked me up and dropped Martin and I at Groves Company Inn at 7.30.   It was rather busy but we got served quite quick – we ordered some nice cheap double vodka redbulls and some bottles of reef to get us started.%0A%0AWe did see Nick Titcombe and we said we’d catch up with him in the Savoy, but I don’t actually recall seeing him after that!  %0A%0AJim called to say he was in Yate’s with Bobby and Ersan and they’d meet us in the Savoy, then our friend Ian called and so did Donald - all in the Savoy!  So we finished our beverages and took a stroll up there, trying to not get mobbed by the people handing out D&D flyers to us!%0A%0AWe got to the Savoy and it was very busy - I managed to smile nicely at the barman and get served though.  I got 2 x double vodka redbull and 2 orange Reef for £6! How cool is that!%0A%0AWe found the guys and Dom, Mattock, Tim & mrs,  Brad, Tom etc. turned up after a while.  I'm sure there were more people but can't remember!%0A%0AI had an interesting conversation with Bobby about how annoying it is getting drips of condensation from your drink on your jeans and how to get them off by heat from your hand.  This only works if the blobs are in a place where it is not deemed rude to put your hand in public!%0A%0AFor some reason everyone decided to start throwing empty redbull cans at Jim.  Unfortunately some of them went over the partition and onto some girls sat behind it.  It was also unfortunate that some of them were not actually completely empty.  Whoops!  So after shouts of 'my outfit is ruined!!!' and Jim trying to defend himself to the bouncer – Jim was thrown out!! Everyone who threw the cans remained inside!  I was trying to keep my head down as I realised that the girl was my old babysitters daughter and I've known her since I was a baby!  Whoops!%0A%0AAnyway we drank up and met James outside and proceeded to Po Na Na. Some of us were on the guest list and were meant to get in free, but the doorman was being a nob and would only let 1 in free.  At least we got to Q jump I guess!%0A%0AAnyway, James cheered us all up by buying lollipops. I then spent the next half hour sorting James out as he couldn't open his lollipop and was having a paddy about it. %0A%0AI had the great experience (NOT!) of bumping into my ex who I see is doing well for himself - he's now a druggie! Nice bloke!  I did however take great pleasure in the fact that he sat down and put his feet straight in a great pile of sick! Ha ha!%0A%0ABobby later also sat down and put his feet in it and then proceeded to moonwalk a big circle around the seating area to get if off his shoes.%0A%0AMost of the night was then spent on the dance floor.%0A%0AAt the end I was meant to be getting a lift home with Martin and his brother, but he was also giving his lesbian friend a lift and I got freaked out when she started stroking my hair and saying ‘hello pretty girl’ to me, so I was glad when I bumped into Jim and Donald and decided to go with them.  %0A%0AOutside Jim saw Matt Heywood and was telling me to go and pull him.  I didn't of course - I don't care if he is a footballer, he probably only earns about a pound a week!  Then Jim started chatting to him and was slagging off another player to him.  Mr Heywood and friends did not look impressed,  so I had to go and remove Jim before he got himself into trouble.%0A%0AWe made our way up Vic Hill – I swear Jim was going to get smacked in the face at several points as he kept talking to random people who looked at him very strangely.  We popped into the curry house and met Mattock, Bobby, Brad, Ersan and Tom.  Donald then decided he wanted a burger so the 3 of us plus Mattock went off to pizza box where we waited ages for Donald's food.  Jim got scared as Mattock had chips with mayo and I had the box at one point - he he!%0A%0AWe then walked back to Andy’s - dropping Jim off on the way – to get a cab.  Jim was telling us how he could see pictures of thimbles with the face of baby jesus on them in the clouds – I couldn’t see this, but could see one that slightly resembled Pac-Man.  I think Jim woke the whole street up by shouting the arrangements for the gym session the next day down the street.  %0A%0AWe got to Andy’s house and woke his sister up and she thought we were burglars – oops!  We also decided to start examining his dog’s blind eye until the taxi came!  %0A%0AEven though both Andy and I live in Old Town, Donald decided it would be easier to drop him off in Wroughton first and also gave me about a fiver in loose change.  Cheers Donald!%0A%0ASo overall a pretty good night.  I actually realised the next day that I had been out for 9 hours – that’s longer than my day at work! What a night!%0A
numberofcomments=3
description=A review of Saturday 13/09/03. 
username=joeyjojo
title=I love Mr. Wetherspoon!
date=1063629824
comments=;bobby:Its amazing how you can remember all this. I dont remember anything about condensation but i do remember the sick. ;jimbo:What does it say about consensation bob???;joeyjojo:It is quite amazing seeing as I was drunk and am also blonde! %3A0)
