article=Well my dears, twas a cold evening....%0A%0AMe, james, tim hughes and anna all left Swindon at about 2.30pm. Expecting a long journey i brought along some in car entertainment that consisted of some simpsons top trumps and a game of farmyard snap. Hasty to fit in a cheeky one at leeds we headed straight off. %0A%0AMe and James wanted to get a big bazookared  on the way so we bought a very expensive (£4.99) bottle of "Island Rum" which we mixed with some coke (or diet coke for gay james). It was disgusting but we had to finsih it so we downed it as quick as possible. Cheers and singing followed as we were all waiting for Chris Moyles to mention the game on radio 1 which didnt happen until about 5 and the other disapointment was that we didnt see one other Swindon or Leeds fan in their cars until we got to about Nottingham. But the first one got a big cheer, then some swearing and finger pointing to a family of young Leeds fans, but the highlight came when we overtook another Swindon car full of young rascals, and out of the blue they overtook us again, but with a big fat hairy ass hanging out the window! We could even see his lovely ball bag. Crys of "MOOOOONEYYY" echoed from our car as the laughter continued all the way to Leeds.%0A%0AFour hours later, at 6.30pm we arrived in Leeds. We parked in a pub car park, but it had signs around it sating "LEEDS FANS ONLY" so we asked a local policeman where the nearest pub was. "Tut top o tut hill, its called tut white hart". The walk up the hill was basically just us saying "Tut" before everything we said! It was very amusing at the time. We got to the pub but it took "tut bloody ages" to get our drinks so when we got them we downed them as quickly as possible and made our way back to the ground, the beautiful Elland Road. %0A%0AIn the ground, the cheering was roaring already and the Swindon fans were very excited. After another downing session of drinks in about 5 minutes, we made out way to our seats. Our view wasnt the best but the whole stand was singing so it didnt really matter. It was bloody huge and very bright inside and there was loads of Leeds fans (I think the attendance was about 29,000 in the end, but only 2,000 Swindon fans went) but we were easily outsinging them and the atmosphere was buzzing like a bee (nice similey bob).%0A%0AThe match kicked off and we were so nervous as we were actually playing well and it was great! The Leeds fans wernt singing at all and we were loving it! There were a few chances but on the stroke of half time, the wonderful Andy Gurney scored a bloody great free kick! Everything went absolutely mad, there was hugging, grabbing, pinching, i was holding on to complete strangers and one seemed to pull me to the floor - but i thought "your coming down with me james!" so i grabbed him and we landed on a pile of people. It was such a great moment but there was better to come....%0A%0AAt half time they did a great thing were they showed the first half highlights on the little screen that they have - they showed the swindon goal about 7 times with a huge cheer going up every time it went in! After watching the subs and talking about how great the goal was, out came the players for the second half. %0A%0AWe were still playing well but they were attacking quite a bit so it was a bit scary. To be honest i cant really remember what happened up until . . . some sweet passing and super sammy parkin flicks it home! Oh one of the greatest feelings in my life that was, and our stand went fucking mental. Even more falling over, and hugging and pooing on people heads followed as we tried to believe that little crappy second division Swindon were beating big premier league Leeds 2-0 away from home! And with only 10 minutes left! The game was pretty much won......%0A%0AAnd then they scored. Damn Ian Harte knocks in a voley. But dont worry, we only have to hold on for about 8 minutes and we are the champions and will make all the headlines in the morning. But then on the 88th minute our damn goalie fouls their player and gets himself sent off. But dont worry, theres only 2 minutes left and we only have to hold on for that. But then the announcer says "4 MINUTES INJURY TIME" even though nothing had happened in the games. But dont worry, its only 4 minutes. Then posibley the worst moment of my life so far  ...... their goalie paul robinson went up and scored a header with 15 seconds to go. Their fans went wild and we couldnt believe it. All of james praying to god hadnt worked and it was 2-2 which meant extra time. We were absolutely gutted and also we had to wait another half hour in the ground for them to play it out.%0A%0ASo extra time came, it was the longest half hour of my life and i hated it. But somehow, i dont know how, we manged not to concede a goal even though we only had 10 men. Which meant... a penalty shootout!!! BA BA BA!!!%0A%0AThe players huddled as me and james prepeared to have our penalty shootout cherrys plucked and be broken in against the might and pure evil length, breadth and width of the Leeds Shaft. %0A%0AJames couldnt watch. I could. We went into the lead coz they missed! Happiness was back in my bone! But then we missed. And they scored. We had to score to stay in the game - he ran up, took the shot, the keepers got a hand too it BUT...................palmed onto the post and away, the Leeds fans rejoyced while the Swindon fans clapped their players who did bloody brilliant against the shitty Leeds team, and then it dawned on us - a nice 4 hour drive home!!! Happy days. %0A%0AIt took us ages to get out of the car park but we were all glad when we did and it was home time. But the journey didnt run quite as smoothly as we hoped. A comedy moment first, when we stopped at the service station for a wee, some tacos, a smoothie and a porn mag and we were just hanging around looking for something to eat. Then out of the blue, a big character strode towards us -  it was Bhavin! A few hugs and punches later and we were discussing how unlucky we were. The conversation didnt last too long and off on our way home we went (again).%0A%0AJames was doing crap at staying awake so the rest of us played some games, like "name an animal that begins with N" and "name some sweets that begin with N". Not very interesting, but this was a long drive home. %0A%0AWith james awake again, Tim took a wrong turning somewhere and we ended up heading for Birmingham and Warwick. But luckily we found Banbury - but then got completely lost, and this was made worse when Tim hit a rabbit it the road. You could actually hear its backbone crack as it died. This was greeted with crys of "aaaaaaahhhhhhh" and "murderer" and "lets get another one" as we almost hit another 3 (accidently). This turned into a bit of a horror story as we were discussing what we would do if "Billy" the rabbits family come to get us. Me and James were creating the atmosphere with our spooky laughs such as "HA HA HA HA HA HA.....CHIPPING NORTON" and this went on for about an hour. %0A%0AWe finally got back to Swindon at 3.30am and we were all tired, scared and horney. So i got out of the car, and the first thing i did was read the ceefax review on tele about how unclucky we were and how Paul Robinson was so great. I hated it, but was too tired to care so off to bed i went, with my happy and sad memories of my big day out to Leeds. 
numberofcomments=4
description=An action packed night....nice
username=bobby
title=Our trip to leeds
date=1064492041
comments=;alex b:Ever seen the video to 'Rabbit in the headlights'? (not sure who it's by, but it's sung by Thom Yorke and produced by the guy who did the Guiness adverts with the horses) Very scary.%0A;mike:was that in some way relevant?;jimbo:I thought it related to killing rabbits maybe?;mike:Not related to a man in a hooded coat getting run over numerous times?
