article=Well well well what a week! Now freshers weeks has official finished and we have to get on with the so called 'REAL' elements of uni life- lectures, seminars, assignments and lots of other long words that are only used when you go to university. But ill just look back on some of the main events from the last week........ %0A%0ATuesday night was our first night away from the firestation- so we decided to go crazy and go bowling and play some pool! I came first with a respectable 109 in the bowling ranks, with my housemate 'Mr X' in second place, james in third place, but what topped off the evening was my house mate 'Mr Y' (real names not used for security and embarassment) as he came last with a very dissapointing 29!!!!!!! %0A%0AAnyway, next night was back to hardcore drinking, with a stella pub crawl. This was something that me and james attended where a t shirt was given to us and you just drank as much stella as you possibley can-this was possibley the best night ive spent in Bournemouth so far, as we drank loads, i made loadsa new friends (who i now cant remember), we won prizes, we bumped into miss nicola corbett and so much more! Overall i think we went to about 9 pubs, and ended up in the firestation, and had the misfortune to catch a bit of 'bring the noise' with 'lisa lashes' but luckily for usx i met a guy who had exactly the same birthday as me and we all went upstairs and danced the night away to 70's retro! %0A%0ANext morning the first alka seltzas of the uni experinece were taken but before we knew it, me and the james miester were back at teh firestation in the evening, getting more drunk and watching an evening of top class comedy! what also happened that day was a boat trip that i went on- i was almost sick as i had two more pints of stella but it was great fun although my team came last in the trivial pursuit quiz, 3 times in row- but i didnt realise you had to be clever to go to uni! %0A%0AFriday night, i stayed in with the housemates and we got the beers in and i taught them the ledgendary card game of 'cheat'! this went down very well in the big bournemouth house, apart from with 'mr y' who is a very sensitive and honest person-so he played the game without actualy cheting once! %0A%0ABut then the big day arrived- we all packed into the union bar and watched the famous free kick glide in, and in the 93rd minute of a relatively dull match, my first week in bournemouth had turned from great to matthew greenaway ecstatic in mission after 3 vodka energys! So obviously the firestation was the only venue to be at that evening, so along we went and for the first hour sat and listened to some indie music, such as muse, coldplay, super furry animals- basically bands that would play at Reading. But i had an inclin that something was 'a' brewing in the other room, so in i went, and there up on stage was bjorn and the other guys! Thats right an abba tribute band! could this day get any better? after i highly satisfying donna from 'kebab king' i went home and basked in the glory of a great day. %0A%0ASunday was a day of rest- after rain all day, the firestation was the location of tonights proceddings and although there was less than 100 people who had turned up to 'jazz night' it was the perfect way to round of freshers week, with me, james, and some new friends sipping our pints, eating some chips and puffing away on some fat cigars listening to the mellow sound of the sax-ahhhhh! %0A%0AYesterday was just a day at uni, although i was left in my house on my own-so i took this chance to do my first proper clean up of the uni term, ready for the big inspection which is coming up soon (ill keep you posted). %0A%0Aand tonight...... welll we may be off to the union bar for quiz night, and although, as elliott and a few others may know, me and james are possibley the worst people to ever have on a pub quiz team, we will be representing Swindon, and more importantly, Drunkit, and we will do you all proud. Thats it for this week, but i have been informed that in the near furture, james will be gracing our drunkit lifes once again after a short break- so watch out mike! See ya soon people Uni Bob %0A%0AGo back %0A
numberofcomments=1
description=Week 2
title=Week 2 in the Big Bournemouth house 
username=bobby
comments=;jimbo:Bob-That read through that report again. It makes you sound like a homosexual. 
date=1065699567
