article=I know this is early but ive got an hour to fill up at the moment so here is the story since last tuesday............ %0A%0AYou may have remebered that i was going to represent the drunkit team on tuesday night at the quiz night at our union bar, but unfortunately i couldnt put together a team so i ended up going down to a pub that is quite likely to become my local, 'the steam railway' of bournemouth, you might say. This pub was nice, a friendly atmosphere, sky TV, a dart board, attractive bar women and draught beers-everything you could really want in a local- everything was going well until me and my housemates decided that we fancied a game of pool on one of the two tables available- that was until we saw the extortionate price of a whole POUND per game. This is the second most expensive pool table i have ever seen in my career, only beaten by 'the bedroom' in Swindon which costs a ridiculous £1.20. Anyway i enjoyed a couple of pints and headed home. %0A%0AAnother boring night in was the plan for wednesday night and the only thing to entertain me was 'pop idol' and the washing up- it was at times like these when in swindon, i would have phoned up a couple of the boys and asked them to come down the wheatsheaf for a few cheeky pints.....those were the days eh?........... %0A%0ABut a big one was arising for thursday night- THE OPRAH HOUSE was our chosen destination, after hearing so many rave reviews about it, and it was supposedly meant to be one of the best and most popular nightclubs on the south coast i thought id check it out for myself- James went to a club called 'Elements' so maybe he can do a review on that but here is my review about the Oprah House%3A%0A%0AEXTERIOR%3A It looked like an old building sandwiched between a coulple of modern shops but there was nothing particullary wrong with it. A large queue had already formed but as soon as we got in it, we moved surprisenly quickly. There was only two local bars around it, and they were 'Mr Greens' which we had been advised not to go to because of high prices, and a weatherspoons which we couldnt find.%0A%0AINTERIOR%3A As we walked into the main areana i was extremely surprised to find that it was actually an old oprah house- The stage was where the DJs were, the dance floor was the lower stalls, and there was seating all around the top- it was just like i was in the wyvern thetre watching 'button moon' (????) Also there was a huge mirror ball-something that always goes down well in my book! There was another room round the back which was quite similar to Coyetee Loco in Mission except about twice the size.%0A%0ADRINKS%3A I was very excited about the prospect of a coloured plastic glass for my pint and as the bar women poured my pint of stella things were looking promising.....how wrong i was- firstly although this was a student night they charged me £2.50 for this pint and as it was my round it cost me £7.50 altogether. then as i took my first sip it was as if mike had pissed in my glass- it was the warmest, most disgusting pint i have evr tasted in my whole career. So after that i went onto drinks called 'Drifters' that were basically a cheap imitation of VK ice and energy, but costing a hefty £1.75. A poor poor performance for the club, drinking wise.%0A%0AMUSIC%3A Hard house trancy dancy shit on the main floor, but in the back room the party classics! they also played 'Build me up buttercup' which is rapidly becoming mine and james anthem of bournemouth.%0A%0AWOMEN%3A lots of sexy ladies, unfortunately most of them between 14-16 but probley a ratio of 2 fit women to every minger.%0A%0AFOOD FOR AFTERWARDS%3A we had a wide choice as they had a late night license McDonalds that opened til two but i opted for a kebab shop called 'Bondrums' where they tempted me with an offer of free chips with very kebab or burger- poor service, not a bad burger and not a bad price, i wasnt sure about it.%0A%0AOVERALL%3A not a bad night, made a lot worse by my dodgy pint, but id give this club 6 out of 10 %0A%0AAnyway, another night in on friday, where me and two of my housemates stayed in- 'Mr Y' taught me and my other housemate how to do some steps routines, so this xmas look forwards to me knowing the whole routine to 'Tradgey' and showing it off in Mission! %0A%0ASaturday night, and Tim Hughes and Donald had come to Bournemouth to see James, so us four got very drunk on vodka and we headed back down to the oprah house- and i must say that tonite was twice as good as thursday, becuase i was a lot more drunk and we spent the whole nite almost in the party room! I ended up sleeping in james crappy little bedroom that night and when i got back i spent most of yesterday sleeping. %0A%0ANothing interesting last night, just a night in watching 'pop idol' yet again, but tonight me and the jim mieter mite be heading down the firestation for another large one.%0AALSO is the big house inspection for me 2moro so ill keep you posted on any developments. See ya soon kids %0A%0AGo back %0A%0A%0A
numberofcomments=6
description=
username=bobby
title=Week 3 in the Big Bournemouth House 
date=1065775595
comments=;jimbo:fucking hell bob. Ever heard pf a paragraph???%0A%0A%0AIm not reading that while the site is fucked up;missionman:is the opera house still all inclusive on a sturday night, you didnt mention it bob ?;bobby:Yes it is but its changed a bit. £10 gets you all incluive but only for the two main bars (in main room and pop room) so its always gonna be packed. But £20 gives you access to all the bars in there. Its gay. And what do you mean paragraph james? I thought it was paragraphed well. Or was the point that there was too many paragraphs? The sarcasm you used was hard to understand. ;bobby:Is that bettter?;jimbo:that is better. %3A)%0A%0A%0AYou should space your paragraphs not just write a new line. %0A%0AI love paragraphs, but I do tend to over use them;bobby:Well that was a one off. I seemed to have used lots of paragraphs in the rest of them
