article=Its been a pretty good week for me! Here goes..... %0A%0AI left you on the edge of your seats last week - the question everyone seemed to be asking was "Bob, what was the bournemouth score?" Well we went to the pub for a quickie (pint) and then another cheeky in the actual ground- and i felt that £2.20 for a lager was a reasonable price for a stadium pint. The ground was fairly nice although a bit odd- bournemouth actually knocked down their sold stadium, built a new one in the saem place and simply rotated it 90 degrees. Also they didnt have enough money to by all 4 stands so it was simply ruble at one of the ends. Anyway, it was a boring 0-0 draw and i didnt particually enjoy it, but we are all going to watch them play tranmere on saturday which should be a bit more interesting. %0A%0AWednesday was actually pretty good as you can see from my previous report, The mighty drunkit won by an astonishing margin. But the evening was pretty average as i simply stayed in and did work as usual. %0A%0AThurday morning and i woke up as stiff as a log................ my body was hurting also! (OI OI!!!!!) The day was pretty normal and i didnt even go out for a large one in the night- instead i stayed in, played championship manager and watched the mighty ipswich conquer inter milan. But by far the highlight of thursday was the prestigeous occasion of my first ever meal made for all of my housemates. I made a chillie con carny, which should have taken 40 mins, but because i am inexperienced and crap at cutting vegetables, it took an hour and a half! But it was actually quite delisicious and it was topped off with a nice slice of vienetta! What a meal! %0A%0AAnyway friday was the day when all the action started to happen- after a decent day at uni of just dossing and a nice lunch time drink, we all got ready for a "poptastic" night at the firestation. Both the girls brought had a friend staying for the weekend, and also james came up to our house for the first time for a little pre-match drinking. Some weird big bottles of alchopop- i cant remember what they were called, and i nice big bottle of vodka, was on the menu for tonight. And as we got into the taxis, everybody was suitably already lashed. Again, as usual i dont remember much from the night, apart from a few certain events that i wont go into, but overall it was a top night! %0A%0AAnd then there was saturday. Nobody got uop until after 12 that day and nothing really happened all day. It was simply a day of watching teletext and talking about shit! That was of course until the night. It was the day we had all been looking forwards too, it was the elmes road party! The first one of its kind for us, as now we all felt we had enough friends to actually invite and create a decent friendly atmosphere - how wrong we were.%0AWe bought a nice 24 pack of fosters, a nice bottle of vodka, lots of smirnoffs and poofter drinks for the girls, and mr Y (my housemate) bought lots of poofter drinks for himself. It started well , with hardcore drinker, james, and his two flat mates turning up bang on time at 8.30 pm so expectations were high. But the phones started ring and people started saying the were going clubbing intstead. Basically people did turn up but i think only about a quarter of them stayed for longer than an hour. It was the most depressing feeling when you hear people whispering into their mobiles "Ill have a taxi for 68 elmes road please" . So i came up with a clever theory%3A- the more i drink, the more i get drunk, which means double vision, hence creating the atmosphere of twice the amount of people here! And it worded. i made several trips to the kitchen and downed many vodka shots so i had a decent time. And although the party was a complete flop people wise, there were loads of highlights. I think a favourite for me was when i tried creating a new cocktail (as im a bit of an expert now) - i cant remember the name of this one but it was a beaut- i simple mix of vodka and chillie powder, created a brown sludge like textured drink, and it tasted like some warm gravy with a wicked after taste! I actually quite enjoyed it! Another good point was quite near the end of the night where the most loyal of all the party goers, james (he even stayed over!) was firstly fooled somehow into having some holes cut into his socks, then being straddled by a girl and having his eyebrows plucked with tweasers! But by far the highlight of the whole night, was when the house was most full, at about 12.30, and someone stuck "steps-gold" in the cd player. Mr Y (housemate), got up with a few women and started performing every single move that was in each song, with precsion and fantastic timing! it was a an impressive performance, and the guest loved it! (loved it used in the context of the roar of laughter in the room for those few minutes!) Someone even asked him to perform at their next party! Overall, i had a decent time and although lots of peope did leave early, it wasnt too bad. %0A%0ASunday morning and again, no one was up till bout 11.30. James, and some of my housemates went to watch the arsenal match at the pub, and i stayed home and played cards! %0A%0AAnd today was the best day ive had in uni so far! A psychology experiment that i suggested to my seminar group last week was conducted today and it was great fun! We all had to go to the uni pub at 11.30 this morning and down a double-vodka coke then carry out a reaction test- and surprisingly i actually did better with a bit of alchohol in me, than when i was sober! But of course, when i have one drink it is hard to stop, so after the experiment me and a couple of my classmates went back to the pub for a couple more cheeky pints! And then i had the best lecture of my whole life, were half the class were well on their way to a "gazzed" status and our teacher didnt know what was going on! %0A%0AWell thats been about the week so far-im not out tonight, coz im still a bit drunk and tired! But we've got our next big match on wednesday, and also next tuesday their is another pub crawl with a twist%3A its called the three legged pub crawl where you and a partner are tied at the feet, in fancy dress, and have to visit 12 pubs in bournemouth and down a different drink in each one (and the drinks only cost a quid!) The couple who finsihed up in the club first get some champagne and 50 squids! Me and james cant wait! %0A%0AAnyway, have a good week my fellow drunkiteers %0A%0A
numberofcomments=6
description=
username=bobby
title=Week 9 In The Big Bournemouth House
date=1066911456
comments=;bobby:I havnt got the 3 legged pub crawl report! Bollocks.;jimbo:Hey Bob the "thing you wont go into" was when you got off with Marie wasnt it?%0A%0AAnd I was sick and had to go home!%0A%0AGod Im so cool.%0A%0AThree legged occasion was Uber good. ;bobby:Yeah but i didnt want to jinx it by saying it on drunkit. And it worked! I will have been going out with her for TWO YEARS in november - i think thats fucking scary;jimbo:Well buggery flip. Two years!!%0A%0AI remember going to the pub with Greg and that other bird you lived with. And she was slagging you off the whole time. Heh heh heh what a stinking face she had;bobby:I remember that too - the arsenal man u  tch the day after the party. Emma was a fucking bitch. I havnt spoke to her once since i stopped living with her.;jimbo:AMP AMP AMP!!!
