article=These are the events as explained to my by my housemates as to what took place in the early hours of last friday morning.  The names of those involved have not been changed.%0A%0AThree of the people i share a house went on the weekly thursday night trip to Jongleurs comedy club, where you get three comedy acts from 9-11 then the place transforms into a club until 2am (So far Bhavin or a Bhavin look-a-like has blanked me twice this term in this place). %0A%0AAfter a night of drinking and merryment the time came for the three lads to get home.  In a million to one chance occurance our landlord (a taxi driver) then pulls up using a comical car horn to attract their attention and gives them a lift.  They get back to our local kebab shop getting a whole pound off their fare which is good going with our landlord.%0A%0AThen two of the lads (phil and damian who is irish...)in their drunken state decided to commit a robbery but rather then take anything valuable they picked up old stools and sprinted out the shop, believing themselves to be as sly as foxes.  The Kebab man (owner of shop not man made of kebab) calls his army of kitchen staff out to give chase.  Damian ditches the chair and chooses to hide under a white van while phil is caught and forced to go a round with the biggest dog meat slicing non english speaking guy in the world EVER.  After being beaten up phil makes his next drunken mistake which is to go back to apologise to the kebab workers for the theft.  Half way through his speach to them damian bursts back into the shop, kitted out with a pair of boxing gloves and invites any of the workers to step outside. %0A%0AAfter the situation calms down (damian being threated with a knife for a while) both Phil and Damian get rewarded for their antics with a free coke and kebab.  %0A%0A
numberofcomments=2
description=
username=mike
title=Last thursday in reading
date=1067207221
comments=;jimbo:hahahahahahahaha%0A%0Athey beat him up for knicking a stool?;bobby:Free coke and kebab! Im gonna try it
