article=Last weeks VodBull was, naturally, a Halloween Special.  This meant that on stage were Dwarves, a 10 foot Satan and a man who can fit into a suitcase!%0A%0AAlso on offer was £250 for the best costume.  The previous day Claire & I had cut a regular ‘scary’ face into a pumpkin.  This gave Jim the ingenious idea of cutting the VodBull logo into another pumpkin and taking it along.  I wore some hilarious glow in the dark pointy fingers and a big orange scary hat.  Jim wore a witch’s hat, green hair, a big nose, a green face and a skirt.  No one else bothered…  Check out  https%3A//www.vodbull.com/gallery/pic.asp?iCat%3D36&iPic%3D224 for one of the greatest photos of Jim you’ll ever see.%0AMatt G and his housemates all wore Aviator sunglasses, which looked great, but didn’t make much sense with respect to Halloween!%0A%0AAlso setting this VodBull apart from it’s predecessors was the novel idea to drink before we go out.  This thought arose as last month it was very busy and a few of us ended up queuing at the bar and buying drinks after 10pm, when the price rises to an extortionate £2 per double Vodka RedBull.  If we could shift our drinking forwards by half an hour (yet drink the same amount in total) there would be no need to pay twice the price.%0A%0AWhilst great in theory, the practicality of the idea of drinking 5 doubles before leaving our house only hit home the following morning.  It turns out that pre-VodBull drinking only serves to increase the rash consumption once inside the event – the “I’ll be fine” mentality was prominent but totally false amongst several members of our group!%0A%0AFor starters, the ability to stand (or even sit) up straight was removed before 10pm.  Jim ended up on stage with the other contenders for best Halloween costume.  He got the biggest cheer from the crowd, resulting in a £250 prize coming his way.  The DJ then asked who he was and where he lived.  A strange mumble emanated from his mouth before he collapsed backwards on the stage, in full view of the club’s bouncers who didn’t look to kindly on such antics and promptly (and, in my opinion, disgracefully) threw him out.  We presume someone else won the prize, no idea who though.%0A%0AMeanwhile I was trying to go to the toilet.  The wall behind the urinal was nicely supporting my weight as I took a leak.  On finishing, I tried to take a step back.  The lack of wall was disastrous, my feet refused to hold my weight and I fell arse over tit, crashing into the cubicle behind me to the shock of the bloke minding his own business inside!%0A%0AApparently the dwarves were hilarious.  Only a select few can vaguely remember them.  I’ve been told we were reciting the Top Gun soundtrack at the tops of our voices for a while.  I’ve also heard that an ambulance was called for someone, but by the time it arrived 5 more people needed to use it!!!%0A%0AI was totally unaware of anything going on around me.  Presume I was escorted from the premises as I was home by 11.15, rather worse for wear…  Was up until 2am prancing semi-naked around other peoples houses, adamant that I would clear up the sick I had produced in their washing up bowl, and being told to have showers.  Apparently I was being very childish and turning the temperature to cold then telling everyone who wanted to listen that it was far too cold for me…  A bit silly really.%0A%0AAll in all a cracking night.  Pre VodBull drinking has been confirmed as a ridiculously dangerous idea that should only be repeated on very special occasions.  Most people had “slightly” too much to drink and ended up getting home earlier than expected.  Very few people can remember what happened.  That’s what VodBull is all about.%0A
numberofcomments=4
description=Insane in the Brain
username=sam
title=VodBull UK, Thursday 30th October 2003
date=1068171402
comments=;jimbo:Altough Im drunk as a pony right now. That made me laugh and feel sober... %3AD;bobby:That was great! The best bit was the dwarves;joeyjojo:We have got to go to one of these!!;mattboyslim:i was there the only confirmed sighting of sam decking it came from my housemates. has anyone seen my aviators?
