date=1096052122
numberofcomments=0
article=Tchoukball is a new sport, invented in the late 1960s and first played in 1970. Combining the pace and excitement of handball and volleyball, tchoukball is the fastest handball sport in the world today. Continue reading below for a brief summary of the game.%0A%0ATchoukball is played with two 'frames'. These frames, as they are called, measure 90 centimetres square and are situated at both ends of the court. A line runs 3 metres from the centre of the bottom of the frame around in a semi-circle. This area is known as the 'forbidden zone' or more familiarly, the 'D'. The court size varies greatly depending on the ages of the players%3B a full size international standard court is 40m by 20m in size. One of the main things about Tchoukball that surprises people is that players can attack and defend at both ends.%0A%0AOn each side there are 12 players named for any one game, 9 players and 3 substitutes. Although there are specialised positions in attack and defence, players are allowed to do either. Players fall into three categories%3B 'shooters' who's main aim is to score points, 'inners' or 'end pivets' whose role is mainly defensive, and a 'centre pivet', who spend most of their time in the centre of the court to distribute play from one end to the other.%0A%0A %0A%0A %0A%0APut quite simply, the object of the game is to throw, or 'shoot' the ball at the frame, so that it lands over the line of the D. The oppositions job is to catch the ball, and then 'shoot' it. This sequence continues until a point is scored.%0A%0AEverything works in 3s. You have 3 seconds with the ball, 3 steps with the ball, and 3 passes with the ball before it has to be thrown at the frame. Tchoukball is a non-contact sport. There is no tackling involved and the only time play switches from one team to the other is when the ball is shot into the frame by the attacking team and caught by the defense.%0A%0ATo shoot the ball at the frame you have to jump from outside the safety zone, and release it before you land.%0A%0AWhen the ball is shot by a team into the frame, the opposing team has to defend around the line. Typically (as shown here on the left) they will be on their knees to catch the ball. The two other players behind the defence are known as 'second line defenders'. They are defenders from the other end of the court who are there in case the ball is deflected upwards and behind the 'front line' of defence.%0A%0AIn order to score a point the player that has shot the ball into the frame must ensure that the ball lands outside of the 'D'. If it lands inside, it is a point to the defending team. Play will then restart from behind the frame the point was scored at.%0A%0AThis brief guide forms the basis of 'Tchoukball'.
title=Tchoukball
description=If you are starting to play Tchoukball then you will need support to learn about the game
username=bobby
